yes, who does not know that asleep behind the back hurts that are
All problems that are caused by vibrations from the road surface
be introduced into the body
we thought about what we can do to solve this and that
To reduce vibrations
rank
a revolution the real revolution of this system has a completely different one
Functioning as his
Conventional whopping prop here mode of operation is based on two place
feathers
which are connected in parallel
These two flagships a loud suspension travel of up to 20 25 millimeters
The Stallpflicht Types comes about over the cross section we have down in the
Subject area a relatively large displeasure most ran cross section
At the top, the seatpost probably feels the greatest talent
Range of the host the information too and does not even rise to the tenth yellow ton
a closed profile tomorrow
The weight of the seat post is only 195 grams
The seatpost is the optimal component for athletes looking for
after a little more comfort